=pod

=head1 NAME

SDL::Cdrom - a SDL perl extension for managing CD-ROM drives

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	use SDL::Cdrom;
	$cdrom = SDL::Cdrom->new(0);
	$cdrom->play();

=head1 EXPORTS

=over 4

=item *

C<cd_num_drives>.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Create a new SDL::Cdrom object. The passed $id is the number of the drive,
whereas 0 is the first drive etc.
	
	use SDL::Cdrom;
	my $drive => SDL::Cdrom->new($id);

=head1 METHODS

=head2 cd_num_drives()

Returns the number of CD-ROM drives present.

=head2 name(cd)

Returns the system dependent name of the CD-ROM device.
It takes a SDL::Cdrom as first parameter.

=head2 status(cd)

Return the status of the drive.
It takes a SDL::Cdrom as first parameter.

=head2 play(cd,start,length,fs,fl) 

Play a track from the SDL::Cdrom given as first parameter, second parameter is the frame to start, the third is the lenght to play.
It returns 1 on succés 0 on error.

=head2 pause(cd)

Pause the playing of the SDL::Cdrom given as first parameter.
It returns 1 on succés 0 on error.

=head2 resume(cd)

Resume the playing of the SDL::Cdrom given as first parameter.
It returns 1 on succés 0 on error.

=head2 stop(cd)

Stop the playing of the SDL::Cdrom given as first parameter.
It returns 1 on succés 0 on error.

=head2 eject(cd)

Eject the medium in the SDL::Cdrom given as first parameter.
It returns 1 on succés 0 on error.

=head2 id(cd)

Return the ID of the drive given as first parameter.

=head2 num_tracks(cd)

Return the number of tracks on the SDL::Cdrom given as first parameter.

=head2 track(cd,number)

Returns the track description of the track given as second parameter.
the first parameter is a SDL:Cdrom.

=head2 current(cd)

Return the current played track number given as first parameter.

=head2 current_frame(cd)

Return the current frame given as first parameter.

=head1 AUTHORS

David J. Goehrig
Documentation by Tels <http://bloodgate.com/>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<perl> L<SDL::Mixer> L<SDL::App>.

=cut
