=pod

=head1 NAME

SDL::Video - Bindings to the video category in SDL API

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This module is not an object. Please read the 

=head1 DESCRIPTION



=head1 METHODS

=head2	get_video_surface

Returns a pointer to the current display surface 

=head2	get_video_info

Returns a pointer to information about the video hardware 

=head2	video_driver_name

Obtain the name of the video driver 

=head2	list_modes

Returns a pointer to an array of available screen dimensions for the given format and video flags 

=head2	set_video_mode

Checks to see if a particular video mode is supported. 

=head2	video_mode_ok

Sets up a video mode with the specified width, height and bits-per-pixel. 

=head2	update_rect

Makes sure the given area is updated on the given screen. 

=head2	update_rects

Makes sure the given list of rectangles is updated on the given screen. 

=head2	flip

Swaps screen buffers 

=head2	set_colors

Sets a portion of the colormap for the given 8-bit surface. 

=head2	set_palette

Sets the colors in the palette of an 8-bit surface. 

=head2	set_gamma

Sets the color gamma function for the display 

=head2	get_gamma_ramp

Gets the color gamma lookup tables for the display 

=head2	set_gmmma_ramp

Sets the color gamma lookup tables for the display 

=head2	map_RGB

Maps a RGB color value to a pixel format. 

=head2	map_RGBA

Maps a RGBA color value to a pixel format. 

=head2	get_RGB

Gets RGB values from a pixel in the specified pixel format. 

=head2	get_RGBA

Gets RGBA values from a pixel in the specified pixel format. 

=head2	create_RGB_surface_from

Creates an empty SDL::Surface from pixel data

=head2	lock_surface

Locks a surface for direct access. 

=head2	unlock_surface

Unlocks a previously locked surface. 

=head2	convert_surface

Converts a surface to the same format as another surface. 

=head2	display_format

Converts a surface to the display format 

=head2	display_format_alpha

Converts a surface to the display format 

=head2	load_BMP


=head2	save_BMP


=head2	set_color_key


=head2	set_alpha


=head2	set_clip_rect


=head2	get_clip_rect


=head2	blit_surface


=head2	fill_rect


=head2	GL_load_library


=head2	GL_get_proc_address


=head2	GL_get_attribute


=head2	GL_set_attribute


=head2	GL_swap_buffers


=head2	GL_attr


=head2	lock_YUV_overlay


=head2	unlock_YUV_overlay


=head2	display_YUV_overlay



=head1 SEE ALSO

=head2 Category Objects

L<SDL::Surface>, L<SDL::Overlay>, L<SDL::Color>,
L<SDL::Rect>, L<SDL::Palette>, L<SDL::PixelFormat>, 
L<SDL::VideoInfo>

=cut
